[12.0][ADD] product_category_active: new module (#608)
OCA/product-attribute: product_category_active/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Products > Product categories*.
#. Select a product category or create a new one.
#. Click on the smart button Archive (this action will set active
   field to False).

> Note: If there are products in a category, it can't be archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If there are products in the category to be archived or any of its children categories,
en error will be raised and it won't be archived.

Note 2: Children category are not archived/unarchived when the parent category does.
```
